
You can show directory structure and its files as sub menu in the bookmarks menu. 
And if you choose an entry in the menu, selected file is opened in your office. 
You do not need to choose a file in file picker dialog to open a file anymore. 
But you can not choose a file filter to open.

This kind of entry can be created as follows: 
# Choose Insert - Bookmark entry in the main menu, New Bookmark dialog is opened. 
# Choose Special from the list of entries on the top of the New Bookmark dialog. 
# Choose Place Menu in the Type list box.
# Click Select button in the Arguments category, Directory Pop-up Settings dialog is opened.
# Click Select button in the Folder entry, and choose a directory in the opened folder picker dialog.
# Input file filter according to the following section, if required.
# Click OK to return to the New Bookmark dialog.
# Input Name and Description if required.
# Click OK button to finish.

== File name filter ==
You can set filter to choose what kind of files should be shown in 
your place menu entry. 

Filter is specified with the following special characters: 
{|
|Pattern
|Description
|-
|*
|Match with all characters (wild card)
|-
|?
|Match with a character
|-
|[seq]
|Match with characters in the seq
|-
|[!seq]
|Match with characters not in the seq
|}

This kind of filtering can be seen like to choose file extension. 
For example, *.ods choose files having ods file extension.

Multiple filter can be specified by sequence of filters separated with ";" (semicolon) character. 
For example, the following filter choose odt and ods files to show in the entry: 
 *.odt;*.ods

