
== File ==
Your bookmark data is stored under user's profile/config directory. 
Each file has name like bookmarks_name.json. 
Do not change its name, if you change it, the extension failed to find it.

== Backup ==
When you store the modification on the bookmark window, backup file is created 
for each day. They are stored in user's profile/backup/bookmarks directory.

If you have a problem on the data, try to copy from backup directory to the config 
according to File section. 

You can insert bookmarks from these backup by Insert - File entry in the main menu.

== Open bookmark editor directly ==
To open bookmark editor window directly, pass argument like as follows: 
 soffice "service:bookmarks.BookmarksMenuManager?Edit&top"

{{Bookmark|hid/mytools.bookmarks.BookmarksMenu:wizard|bookmarks|New Bookmarks Wizard}}

== New Bookmarks Wizard ==
You can prepare bookmarks menu in other position in the main menu. 
It can be the same entries with original one or it can be completely 
different one.

This wizard helps you to make an extension package provides your new menu entry.

=== Name ===
Input name for your new bookmarks. If you want to show existing one in the another 
position, choose the name from the list.

The name should be match with the regular expression, "[A-Za-z0-9_]+$".

{{Bookmark|hid/mytools.bookmarks.BookmarksMenu:wizard.label|bookmarks|Menu Labels}}

=== Labels ===
Edit labels for your new menu.

=== Menu position ===
You can choose a new position for your new menu. The position is defined as 
relative to the entry of existing menu.

=== Document type ===
Choose document types from the list if you want to show your new menu in the 
specific type of document only.

You can choose entries from the list but some of them would not work well.

=== Option ===
Select options if required.

Choose Show at another position to show existing one in the another position, 
if required.

Choose Include bookmarks in the package if required. If you make this menu 
as duplicate of your existing one and you want to distribute it for someone, 
choose this check-box.

=== Save extension package ===
When you click Finish button on the wizard, file save dialog is shown. 
Input the name for your extension package and click OK button to store it.
