
{{Bookmark|hid/mytools.bookmarks.BookmarksMenu:settings|bookmarks|Settings}}

You can access the settings through Tools - Options entry in the main menu of the edit window 
and then choose Bookmarks Menu in the Options dialog.

== Data ==
The settings of this page are optional.

=== Bookmarks data file ===
The data of bookmarks is stored in user's profile/config directory. 
When you specify a file with this setting, the specified file is 
used to load and save bookmarks data.

This setting is enabled after your office is restarted.

If you want to restore this setting to default, make the field empty.

=== Backup directory ===
The backup file will be created when create backup file options is enabled. 
This setting can choose a place to store your backup file. 

If you want to restore this setting to default, make the field empty.

== Settings ==
This is the page where you can set programs to open something.

=== Web browser ===
Input path to the web browser which you want to use other than 
your default web browser.

=== File manager ===
Specify file manager to open a folder.

=== Open command ===
Specify open command to open files if you want to use custom one.

=== Default values ===
The following values are used for file manager and open command 
if custom value is not specified to use.

{|
|Environment
|File manager
|Open command
|-
|GNOME
|nautilus
|gnome-open
|-
|KDE 3
|kfmclient exec
|kfmclient exec
|-
|KDE 4
|kioclient exec
|kioclient exec
|-
|Mate
|caja
|mate-open
|-
|Xfce
|thunar
|exo-open
|-
|MacOS X
|open
|open
|-
|Windows
|explorer.exe
|rundll32.exe url.dll,FileProtocolHandler
|}

