
You can edit your bookmarks on the edit window of Bookmarks Menu.

The edit window can be opened by Edit Bookmarks entry in the bookmarks menu. 
If you remove the entry, you can not open the edit window anymore. 

The window is most likely the same with other document window of the office. 
It is separated in three part: 
* Left part shows tree structure of your bookmarks, unsorted bookmarks, tags and history. This part shows only folder like items.
* Top right part shows list of bookmarks which bound to selected folder in the left part.
* Bottom right part shows data for selected item in the top right part.

Each part is described in the following section.

If you select an item in the tree or the list of bookmarks, focus is moved to 
the selected part. The focus is important to manipulate the content of these part 
through main menu. The operation with the menu entries works on focused part.

{{Bookmark|hid/mytools.bookmarks.BookmarksMenu:tree|bookmarks|Folders in bookmarks}}

== Tree structure ==
This quartet rooted tree structure shows history, tags, unsorted bookmarks and bookmarks. 

=== History ===
If you select History, the list shows the list of items 
which you can see in the File - Recent files. 
You can open the file from the list or copy them as a bookmark entry.

History tree is readonly, any modification on the tree do not effected.

=== Tags ===
There is tag data for each bookmark entry. If a bookmark is tagged by 
its tag data, it is shown under the tags tree.
You can group up bookmarks with tags.

If you delete tag entry from the tag tree, its entries are not deleted but 
the tag name is removed from their tag data.

You can not make new bookmark into this tree.

== Unsorted bookmarks ==
These bookmarks in this entry are not yet sorted.

=== Bookmarks ===
This is where your bookmarks are shown as tree structure. This 
tree shows only folders in your bookmarks. When you select 
a folder in this tree, its contents are shown in the list of bookmarks.

New bookmarks can be inserted to the selected folder through Insert menu. 
And also, you can manipulate it through the context menu.
These entries can be moved between folders by drag and drop by mouse. 
If you push Ctrl key at the leaving your mouse button, the item is copied into the destination.

{{Bookmark|hid/mytools.bookmarks.BookmarksMenu:grid|bookmarks|Bookmarks of selected folder}}

== List of bookmarks ==
The contents of this part is depends on the selected item in the tree part. 
You can move item from this part to tree part with drag and drop.

If you select entries in this part, you can open the selected entries in this part, 
like to choose in the bookmarks menu. Select entries and 
double click, push enter key or choose Open in the context menu to open selected entries.

The small icon shown at the left side of the list indicates the type of the entry.

{{Bookmark|hid/mytools.bookmarks.BookmarksMenu:data|bookmarks|Data of selected bookmark}}

== Data ==
This part shows data of the selected entry. The type of data shown in this part depends on 
what kind of entry is chosen in the tree or list of bookmarks.

You can change data of the fields in this part. 

== Menu entries ==
The following entries are used to work with bookmarks.

=== Export ===
You can export your bookmarks into a file. To export bookmarks, choose File - 
Export entry in the main menu.

If you want to export only selected part, choose Selection on 
the file save dialog. Tags and histories can not be exported as selected part.

Exported files can be inserted by Insert - File entry in the main menu.

{{Bookmark|hid/mytools.bookmarks.BookmarksMenu:command.move|bookmarks|Move bookmarks}}

=== Movement ===
If you want to move bookmarks from a folder to another one, 
select bookmarks you want to move, and then choose Edit - Move entry in the main menu. 
Choose a destination in Movement dialog.

You can move bookmarks with drag and drop between the tree structure 
and the list of bookmarks. But you can not move folder from the tree to the list of bookmarks. 

And also you can not move bookmarks to histories tree. 
If you move bookmark to tag tree, the item takes tag name to its tag data.

=== Folder history ===
If you switch a folder to show its contents, the window keeps 
older location as a history entry. You can move inside 
history, choose View - Back or Forward entries in the main menu.

There is history toolbar which can be used to the same way.

=== Shown columns ===
There are four columns in the list of bookmarks and they can 
be switched to show except for Name column. 
Choose View - Columns entry to switch these visibility in the main menu .

=== Insert ===
You can create new bookmark through Insert menu or the context menu on the 
tree or the list part. See [[bookmark|New Bookmark]] for more detail.

=== Insert from file ===
You can insert bookmarks from a file. To insert bookmarks from a file, 
choose Insert - File entry in the main menu. 

=== Migrate ===
If you have installed older Bookmarks Menu extension, you can 
migrate older bookmarks to new one. See [[migration|Migration]] for more detail.

=== New Menu ===
If you want additional bookmarks in other positions in the main menu, 
try this entry. See [[further|New Bookmarks Wizard]] for more detail.

=== About Bookmarks Menu ===
Shows version information.

== Shortcut keys ==
Choose Tools - Customize entry in the main menu and see Keyboard page of the 
Customize dialog.
